hello everybody today I'm going to show
you how to make japanese ramen noodle
this instant ramen is easy and quick and
cheap I hope you like for this plumbing
recipe i will use one packet of ramen
noodles some fruit and corn kernels and
Oshawott prepare one quarter cup of corn
he did for 30 seconds in the microwave
justice a lot finally the noodle pack
contains soup powder and seasoning oil
oil two cups of water and add the
noodles simmer for about two to three
minutes or until the noodles are soft
but still firm turn off the heat add the
soup powder and the old and stir will
place it in a serving bowl and add the
corn and the shell off on top now it's
ready to eat yah i got all the documents
mmm ha you're fighting the noodles it's
legal illegal yeah you should Oh suck
them up don't birth them suck so much to
be difficult yeah you can do it ok I'll
practice anyway I like it don't forget
to subscribe